ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
ONE DAY
- Excuse me!
- Watch out!
- Sorry! Be careful!
- Thank you!
- Watch out!
- Sorry!
WUSHI NO.1 SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL
- I'm leaving, Dad.
- Okay.
If you don't understand
something, just ask!
Got it!
That was the first time I saw her.
How do I get her to notice me?
Lend me your ball for a sec.
I'll give it right back.
- I didn't even agree yet!
- I'll buy you a drink!
That was the first time I saw him.
Senior, can you tell me
how to get to Class 17?
Sorry, I'm a freshman.
Go down the stairs,
turn left, and enter the building.
- Then?
- Then…
Then look at the room numbers yourself.
What, you want me
to read them all out for you,
Junior?
Thanks, Senior.
Hey, my basketball!
So, this is your house?
I've never seen you put
so much effort into makeup.
What's the occasion?
Uh…
I'm just a little nervous.
You already look amazing. Really.
You even prepared lines
to meet my parents?
I just don't want to say something wrong.
Alright, relax.
You've got me to distract them.
Let me see what you wrote.
Not just lines, there's even an act.
- What act?
- Look.
Keep smiling.
No fake smiles.
No big grins either.
Show me.
- Yifan! Please come in.
- Zhi.
- Happy New Year!
- This is a New Year's gift for you.
- Thank you!
Mom!
Is Yifan here?
Auntie, Happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
Mom, Yifan brought gifts for you.
Next time, just come over.
No need to bring anything.
Come sit. Dinner's almost ready.
- Let me help.
- No need. It'll be done in a bit.
Come, have a seat.
Oh, Yifan's here!
- Welcome!
- Uncle, Happy New Year!
Happy New Year! You can watch TV with Zhi.
Alright.
Where are you going?
Watching TV.
Go watch at your own house.
- Mom, he's kicking me out!
- You're really going to tattle?
Ping, our son wants to watch TV.
Shouldn't we say something?
Watch TV? You're a grown man.
Go help out in the kitchen!
Take your time.
You guys chat.
I'll go make tea.
Did your brother upset your parents?
Before you arrived,
they'd been nagging him
for almost four hours.
They started as soon
as they began cooking,
complaining that he never comes home,
never texts, never calls,
and never gives them
an update on his life.
They practically had to beg
just to get him back for a meal.
If it weren't for bringing you home,
he probably wouldn't even be back.
He's too caught up in his romance.
My brother must really like you.
Otherwise, he wouldn't
put up with their nagging.
Come on. Have some tea.
Thank you, Uncle.
You're so polite!
Just make yourself at home.
Are you sick?
Let me see. Do you have a fever?
- Oh, you got a fever?
- What's wrong?
Just feeling a little cold inside.
- You don't have a fever?
- This kid…
But you really don't look well.
Have you been staying up late again?
Skipping meals too?
I tried to help you rebuild your health,
but you wouldn't come home.
I'm this young,
- and I already need to rebuild my health?
- Sorry.
Hey, if you wait until my age,
it'll be too late!
- You know that?
- Alright, enough.
Look how upset you're making your mom.
Look at you, lost weight again.
Such a loving family!
- Did you lose weight?
- No.
Look at you, so stubborn.
If he hadn't met me,
Sang Yan could have lived a peaceful life.
That wouldn't have been good.
Back then,
my brother suddenly
started studying like crazy.
A failing student like him
finally got into Nanwu University.
You encouraged him, didn't you?
We had agreed
to go to the same university.
But in the end, you chose Yihe University.
Was it because of your grades?
No, I deliberately didn't apply
to Nanwu University.
So, you fell for someone else?
I never liked anyone else.
Not in the past. Not in the future.
He was really devastated.
That was the first time
I thought he was like a lump of clay,
with no charm whatsoever.
That whole summer,
he locked himself in his room.
He had no motivation to do anything.
Sang Yan, drink some porridge.
Sang Yan, take your medicine.
Sang Yan, have a jelly.
Get some sugar in you.
Actually, this was a good thing.
- Why?
- He's always been smart,
good at everything since childhood,
always so arrogant, full of himself.
Even with family, he kept his distance.
Then he decided school was useless
and only did what he liked.
Everyone indulged him,
but the more they spoiled him,
the harder he was to deal with.
I couldn't get close to him either.
Until later,
when he experienced
a failure as big as losing you.
That's when he finally understood
the world doesn't revolve around him.
Sang Yan, what's wrong with you?
The family has been so happy
that you got into Nanwu University.
They even told me to learn from you.
What's there to learn from me?
I'm terrible.
Who said you're terrible?
Tell me. I want to be friends with him!
Sang Yan, you're heartbroken, aren't you?
What does a little kid like you know?
Why wouldn't I know?
In fairy tales, when the prince
can't find the princess,
he looks just like you!
And then?
Then the prince endured countless trials,
mastered all kinds of skills,
and crossed snowy mountains, deserts,
and forests full of monsters.
In the end,
he saved the princess,
and they lived happily ever after.
Kid, you sure know a lot.
I'm not a kid anymore. You don't
even know how good cartoons are!
Here, have a jelly. Get some sugar in you.
- What food do we have?
- Weren't you skipping dinner?
Mom! Put away
the chicken drumsticks and steak!
Here.
That's when I realized
he was someone I could be close to.
He was no longer
just that serious older brother,
but someone I could actually connect with.
We changed each other
and became better versions of ourselves.
Come on. Drink up.
- Here.
- Yifan,
it's all home-cooked food today.
We don't see you as an outsider.
Thank you, Uncle, Auntie.
No need to be polite.
- Here. Try my cooking.
- No need to be so formal.
Eat more.
- This is her specialty dish.
- Yes.
Is my makeup smudged?
No.
Yifan,
you're really beautiful!
Ping, you're staring too much.
You're making her embarrassed.
But Yifan, ever since
we met you in high school,
she has been saying the same thing.
- Right.
- She even said,
"Look at our Yan.
How is he even worthy of a girl like her?"
- Right?
- Exactly. She's stunning.
What are you laughing at?
How do you talk to your sister like that?
This kid…
- Come on, eat. Eat up.
- Dig in.
Let me try this dumpling filling.
Honestly, back in high school,
we weren't dating.
We only…
When I was on a business trip in Beiyu,
he came to find me.
That's when we actually got together.
Either way, he liked you from the start.
That never changed. He's so stubborn.
- He really thought we didn't know?
- It's true.
He's been out of college for years,
and still didn't date anyone.
We were so worried.
We even thought
that conversation back then
scared him off.
Yeah. We even tried
setting him up on blind dates.
You even introduced me to a foreigner.
FORTUNE
Now comes the important part!
Here.
- Thank you, Mom.
- You're welcome.
- Here.
- Thank you.
Here.
- I get one too?
- Of course.
From now on, you're family.
Take it.
Thank you, Auntie.
No need to be so polite. Come on. Eat up.
- Come on.
- Don't drink too much.
- Take it easy on the drinks.
- Alright.
Let Yifan eat more.
Here, some shrimp.
Finally, I feel like I have a family.
Come on. Eat up.
Being part of their family,
feeling their love,
completely wrapped in warmth…
It's such a good feeling.
Yifan, this is my room.
Have a seat.
Stay with me tonight.
I'll tell you my secret.
- Let me take this call first.
- Okay.
Hello? Jiaxu?
Zhi, Happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
We had dumplings. And… my mom made ribs.
Yeah, I read it.
What?
No, I didn't.
I didn't get to that part.
The door wasn't locked.
We're home!
You can't sleep?
I'll sleep later.
- Want to sleep with me?
- No.
Then go.
The door's still open.
Sit down.
Why are you still awake?
Waiting for someone.
Tomorrow, are you staying here?
I really like your home.
What's so great about my place?
It's just such a happy and warm family.
Only a home like this
could raise someone like you.
Someone like me?
What kind of person am I?
Proud.
Confident. Passionate.
Like the sun.
Sang Yan,
your sister's nickname is Zhī.
Do you have one?
Should it be a first-tone sound too?
- Yān?
- Wen Yifan, are you sleepwalking?
What nonsense are you talking about?
Or should it be a second-tone? Yán?
Enough. I don't have one.
Then…
I'll just call you Yán.
I'm going to bed.
Wait.
What did you just call me?
Yán.
Then, from now on,
always call me that.
Alright, time to sleep.
Good night.
UPTOWN FLOWER CITY
How's the packing going, my fairy?
- Are you tired?
- No, I'm good.
Do you need help with anything else?
- Help me pack my books.
- Okay.
The moving company is almost here.
We need to hurry.
MU CHENGYUN
Mu Chengyun.
Wen Shuangjiang, you've got some nerve.
What?
Why are you still keeping a signature
from a colleague who had a crush on you?
What nonsense. It's been there so long.
I forgot about it.
Who does he think he is?
Why did he leave you a signature?
Does he owe you money?
He was the creepy kid
in that movie Waking up to Ghosts.
Don't you remember?
We watched it together so many times.
I remember. That kid…
He was a pretty good actor.
Then, why do I recall
someone covering his eyes
the whole time while watching?
No way. You must be mistaken.
I watched it seriously.
That kid's face was completely pale.
Not bad, though. Keep it.
Do you have any empty boxes left?
I can't fit all my stuff.
I think there's
an unpacked box in my room.
- Check it out.
- Okay.
I'll take out the records!
Alright.
Do you still need this tin box?
HAPPY GRADUATION
NANWU TO YIHE
NAME: SANG YAN, DESTINATION: YIHE
Last city you flew to?
What kind of dumb question is that?
Who cares?
Yihe.
NAME: SANG YAN, DESTINATION: YIHE
INTERN REPORTER: WEN YIFAN
This was my first published article
as an intern.
YIHE DAILY, REPORTER: WEN YIFAN
And this is the one I wrote
the day I became a full-time reporter.
How's it going? Can it all fit?
I made you a cup of brown sugar water.
Drink it while it's hot.
All these years,
you've gone to Yihe so many times.
Didn't I
tell you before?
No matter what happens,
I'll always be here for you.
What's wrong?
Wen Shuangjiang,
no crying.
Before you were with me,
you never cried, no matter what happened.
But after we got together,
do you know how many times you've cried?
Actually,
I saw you at my graduation.
But I thought I was mistaken.
Mistaking me for someone else
might have been a good thing.
If you had recognized me,
wouldn't I have lost all my pride?
I even secretly ran off to find you.
Back then, I should have
gone straight to you.
Why did I ever treat you so badly?
What's up?
Didn't we already make up?
Or…
is there something else
you feel guilty about?
I…
I took advantage of you once.
You took advantage of me?
Isn't that something you do every day?
Before we were together…
Before we were together?
I once pretended
to sleepwalk and hugged you.
Wen Shuangjiang,
you actually did that?
Consider it exercising
my rights in advance.
Back then, didn't you act all proper?
Turns out you had other thoughts.
Stop crying.
Weren't you packing?
All done?
Yan,
I want to live six years longer than you.
Why?
That way, I can love you
for six more years
to make up
for the days I left you behind.
Then we'll be even.
I think I get what you're saying.
But…
I still want to live
a few more years this lifetime.
Repay me in the next life.
In the next one,
you'll have to love me
for six years first.
And then,
I'll make sure
you get what you wished for,
just like I do now.
What does this password imply?
Guess it.
It's not your birthday, not mine either.
It's the date we first met.
This table…
Yeah, and more.
And the cabinets too,
and the sofa… all the same!
Look.
Doesn't it feel like our old place?
You really put in the effort.
I was afraid you wouldn't feel at home,
so I kept it just like before.
Then, which room am I sleeping in?
Whichever one you want.
The kitchen. The bathroom.
I'm not picky.
Wherever you sleep, I'll be there too.
Sounds like you just want to share a room.
Wouldn't this count
as living together before marriage?
Isn't that bound to happen anyway?
Can't I just exercise
my rights a little earlier?
Haven't you already?
When did you finish all this?
Two years ago.
But to make it feel like our home,
I remodeled it again.
You brought all our memories back with it.
It's perfect.
It really is a paradise
for overworked employees.
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
Could it be that waiter from earlier?
No way.
The owner here is basically
the star of this whole street.
Wen Shuangjiang,
I've finally waited long enough for you.
Last night, we lost a bracelet here.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!